[MUSIC]
So in the last module, we gave
a high-level definition of the Internet of
Things, give you an idea of What
an Internet of Things device is, and
what impact it has on society.
Now we'll go into a little bit more
technical details about how they're
implemented, the design and implementation
of these Internet of Things devices.
Now basically,
Internet of Things devices are embedded,
typically embedded in other objects.
So say, you have a car, and you put some
Internet of Things technology inside that
car, and
now it is an Internet of Things device.
It is computational network and so on.
It's embedded within another device,
some thing.
So, we're gonna talk a little bit
about how you embed something,
embed that type of functionality
inside a regular device.
So part of the idea is that you want to
be able to give enhanced functionality to
a regular device but
not add complexity to the device.
So for instance, take the camera that
we're filming with right in front of me.
This camera, you could've gotten a camera
40 years ago that you can use to take
a picture with, snap a button,
take a picture.
A new camera,
an Internet of Things camera, is network,
it's got computers inside,
computational technology.
The same interface, you snap the button
and it takes the picture, but
it does a lot more.
It has a lot more enhanced features.
Maybe it does jitters control or
something like that,
so it's embedded within the device,
but it's well hidden.
It's embedded behind a nice,
what we'll call natural interface.
So that the user shouldn't have to
bend to conform to the device, right?
Instead, the device should conform
to what the user wants, and
it's to have an interface that makes
it easy for the user to deal with.
So, in order to do that, the assistance,
they have to be embedded within regular
devices, and
they have to interact with the physical
world through the use of sensors that read
information about the physical world,
maybe somebody pressed a button,
a light turned on, something like that.
Also, a set of actuators that cause
something to happen in the physical
world that basically change the state of
the physical world, so maybe motors or
lights or something.
So we'll talk about how this
physical interaction works and
how it's controlled inside one of
these Internet of Things devices.
[MUSIC]